Federated tutorial and explanation (#3002)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/multi_search/performing_federated_search.mdx

Use the `/multi-search` endpoint with the `federation` parameter to query the three indexes simultaneously:

```sh
curl \
  -X POST 'http://localhost:7700/multi-search' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data-binary '{
    "federation": {},
    "queries": [
      {
        "indexUid": "chats",
        "q": "natasha"
      },
      {
        "indexUid": "profiles",
        "q": "natasha"
      },
      {
        "indexUid": "tickets",
        "q": "natasha"
      }
    ]
  }'
```

Meilisearch should respond with a single list of search results:

```json
{
  "hits": [
    {
      "id": 0,
      "client_name": "Natasha Nguyen",
      "message": "My email is natasha.nguyen@example.com",
      "time": 1727349362,
      "_federation": {
        "indexUid": "chats",
        "queriesPosition": 0
      }
    },
    …
  ],
  "processingTimeMs": 0,
  "limit": 20,
  "offset": 0,
  "estimatedTotalHits": 3,
  "semanticHitCount": 0
}
```

## Promote results from a specific index

Since this is a CRM application, users have profiles with their preferred contact information. If you want to search for Riccardo Rotondo's preferred email, you can boost documents in the `profiles` index.

> Use the `weight` property of the `federation` parameter to boost results coming from a specific index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `weight` property of the `federation` parameter to boost results coming from a specific query:
```

```sh
curl \
  -X POST 'http://localhost:7700/multi-search' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data-binary '{
    "federation": {},
    "queries": [
      {
        "indexUid": "chats",
        "q": "rotondo"
      },
      {
        "indexUid": "profiles",
        "q": "rotondo",
        "federationOptions": {
          "weight": 1.2 
        }
      },
      {
        "indexUid": "tickets",
        "q": "rotondo"
      }
    ]
  }'
```

> This query will result in `profile` results ranking higher than documents in other indexes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This request will result in results from the second query (on `profile`) ranking higher than documents from other queries:
```
